docs: add note about glob imports (#5491)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

- This is a Vite-only feature and is not a web or ES standard.
- The glob patterns are treated like import specifiers: they must be either relative (start with `./`) or absolute (start with `/`, resolved relative to project root).
- The glob matching is done via `fast-glob` - check out its documentation for [supported glob patterns](https://github.com/mrmlnc/fast-glob#pattern-syntax).

>   - You should also be aware that glob imports do not accept variables, you need to directly pass the string pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should also be aware that glob imports do not accept variables, you need to directly pass the string pattern.
```

Author: Perhaps in that bullet possible solutions should be mentioned?

> you need to directly pass the string pattern, but this can be abstracted using various methods such as switch statements or objects

Reviewer: The problem is that we need to describe then what is the "this" here. IMO, once you know that you can't use a variable, the user is going to be able to refactor their code as you properly did in the PR. Maybe this is good content for a tutorial, or a blog post? We need more of those in the community :)
Let's merge it so we get the note in that is going to surely help some users. Thanks for raising the issue and for the PR.

- The glob patterns are treated like import specifiers: they must be either relative (start with `./`) or absolute (start with `/`, resolved relative to project root).
- The glob matching is done via `fast-glob` - check out its documentation for [supported glob patterns](https://github.com/mrmlnc/fast-glob#pattern-syntax).

> 
> You should also be aware that glob imports do not accept variables, You must hard code the imports. One possible solution is as so:
> 
> ```js
> const location = {
>   posts: Object.entries(import.meta.globEager("/posts/**/*.md")),
>   assets: import.meta.globEager("assets/**/*.{png,jpg}")
> }
> ```

Reviewer: I think the example is a bit hard to read now without more context of what you are trying to do. Let's keep this note simple as another bullet point here that should be enough.

```suggestion
  - You should also be aware that glob imports do not accept variables, you need to directly pass the string pattern.
```

> You should also be aware that glob imports can not accept variables, You must hard code the imports. The most elegent solution to this is a switch statement, like so:
> 
> ```js
> switch (url) {
>   case "posts":  location = Object.entries(import.meta.globEager("/posts/**/*.md"));
>   case "assets": location = import.meta.globEager("assets/**/*.{png,jpg}");
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should also be aware that glob imports can not accept variables. You must hard code the imports. The most elegant solution to this is a switch statement, like so:

```js
switch (url) {
  case "posts": location = Object.entries(import.meta.globEager("/posts/**/*.md"));
  case "assets": location = import.meta.globEager("assets/**/*.{png,jpg}");
}
```
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this addition. I think we could replace "The most elegant solution to this is a..." with "A possible way to achieve this is using...". One problem I see with the switch is that it could give the impression that sometimes only some imports are triggered.

Defining the glob imports before having to do the switch is more clear IMO in this regard:
```js
const location = {
  posts: Object.entries(import.meta.globEager("/posts/**/*.md")),
  assets: import.meta.globEager("assets/**/*.{png,jpg}")
}
// location[url]
```

Author: sounds good 👍🏻
